ignore or wait if no CID for path ID is available on receipt of PATH_… (#341)
quicwg/multipath: draft-ietf-quic-multipath.md

with the same, unused Path ID. If the peer receives the PATH_CHALLENGE,
it MUST pick a Connection ID with the same path ID for sending the PATH_RESPONSE.

> If the server receives a PATH_CHALLENGE before receiving
> a MP_NEW_CONNECTION_ID for the specific path, it MAY choose
> to ignore the PATH_CHALLENGE, or it can choose to send the
> PATH_RESPONSE frame upon reception of a MP_NEW_CONNECTION_ID
> frame containing the corresponding Path ID.

Author: ```suggestion
If the server receives a PATH_CHALLENGE before receiving
a MP_NEW_CONNECTION_ID for the specific path, it SHOULD
to ignore the PATH_CHALLENGE. Note that the
MP_NEW_CONNECTION_ID might be sent in the same
packet and in this case the PATH_CHALLENGE SHOULD
be processed.
```
